Jonlou Czajka	
April 8th 2015
Dr. Shawn Graham 
Paradata Document 

In this document I will be discussing the main idea of my research project, the faults
with my research and presentation as well as someone the things I tired in order 
to make it better for my research.

To begin, my idea was to research the ongoing trend of video games and to find out
what makes a good game, and how should we as hisoritans and scholars view video games?
At first in my presentation talked more about the longevity of video games, more free to play games.
Basically, I researched the main popular online games in which peole played more frequently
and created an infographic around the idea of which games had a higher ongoing player base.
Essentially, the component in my presentation that I was missing was th profit aspect
in which i needed to reseach and find out more so i could make a proper correlation from profit to popularity.
Finally, I found many ways to contrast history within my project. For example, I explained why history is important
with my research because it allows historians to not only document a time in which video games are evolving to become 
free to play, but the arise of Esports and video gaming as a career. In turn my research is establishing the beginning of 
the revolution of video games.Furthermore, the amount of players playing consistantly in correlation with revenue shows that the popularity 
of the gaming is growing and historians can take the opportunity to predict huge changes in the future based of the graphy me and many others
have created. The main idea with my project is to show frequently playing players wil create more profit than just a onetime purchase (explained on youtube)


Looking at everything I researched although my project may look fine and have a lot of information, many faults halted my main idea in
which my project failed. To begin, the project needed more numbers in terms of the idea of money and how the game produced any sort of monetary value.
Unfortunately with time and lack of information on profit being showed my research took a huge hit. In addition, although i had a lot of research my project
in many ways took so many roads i myself would lose track of what i was researching in the first place. Finally, the project
could have been more based on the idea of the creation of new history in Esports in which I would discuss the evolution
of Esports and how it will change the very way we view video games.

To conclude, although my project had some flaw the main idea still stood true: How should scholars think of video games? Essentially, we 
should look at games as an ever growing cycle of new and amazing technology. In addition, historians and scholars alike should look at a game 
and be able to see either longevity or nothing at all. I wish my research question could be less based on theory and more on my
facts, however i hope my research may spring some ideas in peoples minds about the futre of gaming. 

All my sources i used are in my power point with any information.

Power point: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1daRLP6r0Cw6PPKStIBwucYn2Jv8uBGnYgdWyy2YN8iI/edit?usp=sharing

